# pandas-challenge
Overview
Overview of the school district analysis:

The concept of this analysis was to discover the general passing rates of students in the data sets. We likewise need to be able to use various tools in the pandas library to be able to sort data and collect data that I want to see.
Results:
 This project examines data on high school performance and spending. The data supplied it can specify Fundings per school and per student, and the average math, reading, and general. Utilizing these numbers, we can sort our data and make observations on the type of school and part of spending and its influence on the student’s performance.
We can analyze 15 schools with a total calculation of students of 39,170, and total funding of 24 Million. The results show that the average rates for these students exist between 75 percent to 82 percent. By employing the sorting methods, the data results show that the charter schools exceeded the district schools; district schools also contained a slightly less budget per student. Comparing the schools by grade level did not reveal a substantial change in performance. The Scores by the district showed that the budget of 630 to 650 performed the highest, actually higher than the over 650 budget class, indicating that an extreme budget is not always needed. The school size did not show a highly significant impact on performance as well. One of the biggest take away from this data is that the charter school had much higher performance, almost 30 to 40 percent better. The date results can be leveraged to investigate the difference between charter and district schools and see why there is such a difference in performance.

Overall, I appreciated the assignment because it stood as a real-world situation that I could comprehend and observe analysis in a meaningful way. The challenging part of the assignment was merging the data information into one data frame, as I had mislabeled columns, and it took a long time to finish. I even thought the binning was challenging to comprehend and took a bit of maneuvering to get any results. My other issue was the repository, the terminal would not merge, so I had a hard time and manually had to update my changes. Therefore, I had fewer commits on this assignment than others.
